README.md, before:

# film_freund

[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/defuncart/film_freund/branch/main/graph/badge.svg?token=ZQFZ936H4D)](https://codecov.io/gh/defuncart/film_freund)

An application to discover new films and organize what to watch next.

## Getting Started

To build the app locally, the following tools are required:

- Flutter stable >= 2.8
- Dart >= 2.15
- macOS:
    - Xcode >= 13.0
    - CocoaPods >= 1.11.0
- Web:
    - Chrome

A Firebase project needs to be created and [integrated](https://firebase.google.com/docs/flutter/setup). Note that to speed up development build times, a [pre-compiled version of Firestore](https://github.com/invertase/firestore-ios-sdk-frameworks#supported-firebase-ios-sdk-versions) on iOS and macOS is used.

An [API key](https://developers.themoviedb.org/3/getting-started/introduction) is needed to query TMDB. Once a key is obtained, create the file `lib/services/movies/movie_database.secrets.dart` with the content:

```dart
part of 'movie_database.dart';

const apiKey = 'apiKey';
```

where apiKey is the TMDB v3 api key.

## Code Generation

### Localizations

To add new localizations, update `assets_dev/loca/loca.csv` and run

```sh
sh bin/loca_generate.sh
```

## Tests

A local code coverage report can be generated using

```sh
sh bin/test_local_coverage_report.sh
```

and viewed by opening `coverage/index.html`.

Golden tests are used to verify that widgets appear as they should. These goldens are generated on macOS, however the CI pipeline runs on Linux which can result in discrepancies. As stated in [#56383](https://github.com/flutter/flutter/issues/56383), one solution is to disable font smoothing on macOS:

```
defaults -currentHost write -g AppleFontSmoothing -int 0
```

## Credits

This application is developed for personal use, and is inspired by Letterbox, iMDb and Filmweb. This product uses the TMDB API but is not endorsed or certified by TMDB.

## Raising Issues and Contributing

Please report bugs and issues, and raise feature requests [here](https://github.com/defuncart/film_freund/issues).

To contribute, submit a PR with a detailed description and tests, if applicable.

Commit message:

Maintenance/use alchemist for goldens (#26)
Use alchemist for golden tests.

README.md, after:

# film_freund

[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/defuncart/film_freund/branch/main/graph/badge.svg?token=ZQFZ936H4D)](https://codecov.io/gh/defuncart/film_freund)

An application to discover new films and organize what to watch next.

## Getting Started

To build the app locally, the following tools are required:

- Flutter stable >= 2.8
- Dart >= 2.15
- macOS:
    - Xcode >= 13.0
    - CocoaPods >= 1.11.0
- Web:
    - Chrome

A Firebase project needs to be created and [integrated](https://firebase.google.com/docs/flutter/setup). Note that to speed up development build times, a [pre-compiled version of Firestore](https://github.com/invertase/firestore-ios-sdk-frameworks#supported-firebase-ios-sdk-versions) on iOS and macOS is used.

An [API key](https://developers.themoviedb.org/3/getting-started/introduction) is needed to query TMDB. Once a key is obtained, create the file `lib/services/movies/movie_database.secrets.dart` with the content:

```dart
part of 'movie_database.dart';

const apiKey = 'apiKey';
```

where apiKey is the TMDB v3 api key.

## Code Generation

### Localizations

To add new localizations, update `assets_dev/loca/loca.csv` and run

```sh
sh bin/loca_generate.sh
```

## Tests

A local code coverage report can be generated using

```sh
sh bin/test_local_coverage_report.sh
```

and viewed by opening `coverage/index.html`.

Golden tests are used to verify that widgets appear as they should. [alchemist](https://pub.dev/packages/alchemist) is used to ensure goldens can be generated platform agnostic and not be successible to discrepancies on CI pipeline.

## Credits

This application is developed for personal use, and is inspired by Letterbox, iMDb and Filmweb. This product uses the TMDB API but is not endorsed or certified by TMDB.

## Raising Issues and Contributing

Please report bugs and issues, and raise feature requests [here](https://github.com/defuncart/film_freund/issues).

To contribute, submit a PR with a detailed description and tests, if applicable.
